Update deploy a smart contract page (#1580)
iotaledger/iota-wiki: docs/build/isc/v1.0.0-rc.6/docs/how-tos/deploy-a-smart-contract.mdx

   ```
5. Create a Hardhat Project by running the following command:
   ```bash
   npx hardhat init
   ```

>    Select "Create a JavaScript project" when prompted and answer the setup questions (you can just press enter to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Select `Create a JavaScript project` (or whatever applies to your project) when prompted and answer the setup questions (you can press enter to
```

<HardhatConfig/>

> :::info Private Key

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
:::info Export the Metamask Private Key
```

> How to export the MetaMask private key of an account?
> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

> - Click on the logo in the upper right corner

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Click on the Metamask logo in the upper right corner.
```

> 
> - Select the account you want to export

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. Select the account you want to export.
```

> 
> - On the account page, click the menu (three dots) in the upper right corner, then click the "Account Details" button:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
3. On the account page, click the menu (three dots) in the upper right corner, then click the "Account Details" button.
```

> 
> - Click "Export Private Key"

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
4. Click on "Export Private Key".
```

> 
> - To access your private key, you will now need to enter your wallet password. When done, click Confirm to continue.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
5. Enter your wallet password to access your private key and click `Confirm` to continue.
```

> 
> - Your private key will now be displayed. Click to copy it and save it in a safe place. (Note: For obvious reasons, we didn't show it in the screenshots below - but yours will be there.)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
6. Your private key will now be displayed. Click to copy it and save it in a safe place. 
```

> 
> - Your private key will now be displayed. Click to copy it and save it in a safe place. (Note: For obvious reasons, we didn't show it in the screenshots below - but yours will be there.)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
6. Your private key will now be displayed. Click to copy it and save it in a safe place. 
```

> 
> - Click close icon on top to close the screen.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```
This seems unnecessary.

> Follow [this article](https://helpwithpenny.com/export-and-import-metamask-private-key/) for further detail.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can find more information in the [official Metamask Documentation](https://support.metamask.io/managing-my-wallet/secret-recovery-phrase-and-private-keys/how-to-export-an-accounts-private-key/).
```

Reviewer 2: Please use official docs only for external references.
